    
 Greeting Hello Montérégie! I am the assistant of your tourist guide AI. What can I do for you today?  
 Introduction La Montérégie, a magnificent region of Quebec, Canada, is a territory of discovery and wonders. Extending over 11,000 km², the region takes its name from the Latin form of Mont-Royal, due to five hills that line up between the island of Montreal and the Appalachians. It is rich in historical events that have shaped modern Quebec. The region is divided into four distinct tourist sectors:

Montérégie-Ouest: ideal for serene afternoons, this area offers a country atmosphere and a variety of outdoor activities.
South shore: a perfect mixture of nature and heritage, where you can enjoy the hike and immediately explore enchanting national parks.
Richelieu River: known for its vast green spaces with unique water, unique flora and fauna, and sites rich in culture and heritage.
Montérégie-Est: a vibrant mixture of urban and rural landscapes, known for its warm community and its exceptional culinary experiences, especially in its agricultural territories.
For more information and to discover the wide range of attractions that Montérégie offers, please visit https://www.tourisme-monteregie.qc.ca/territoire-demervation/?season=fall.  
 The history of
Montérégie Montérégie, located in Quebec, Canada, is a region rich in history and cultural heritage. This region was the scene of significant historical events and developments, starting with the presence of indigenous peoples in places like Pointe-du-Buisson and Sorel. Among the key moments in history, let us quote the Sorel Foundation in 1642, which makes it one of the oldest cities in Canada, and the establishment of Longueuil in 1657. The region also witnessed the construction of The first route in Canada, "Chemin Chambly" in 1665, as well as the construction of strong and strategic missions in the 17th century. Over the years, Montérégie has played a central role in the military and cultural history of Canada, battles against American troops in 1775 and 1813 at the inauguration of important infrastructure such as the first Canadian railway in 1836 and The Chambly canal in 1843.

For more information and to explore the various historic attractions and sites that Montérégie has to offer, please visit their website: https://www.tourisme-monteregie.qc.ca/la-monteregie/?season=winter  
    
 Route suggestions Type Detail Program
 24 -hour fall route 1 day The Montérégie is the pantry of Quebec, especially in autumn!
Several judgments are essential to discover the delights of the terroir and satisfy
As much the taste buds as the pupils.

Distance: 130 kilometers
Number of attractions: 3 attractions
Voyage duration: 1 day ˗ To the beautiful pre - Farm of Autocueillette
flowers.
˗ Closes the Daughter of Roy - Highway
artichokes, squash (more than
30 varieties, pumpkins, cherries
earth as well as strawberries.
˗ Orchards or vineyards? - To make a choice
of a single orchard or vineyard of the
Montérégie will be difficult, but the inspiration
Will not be missing! See page 30
To find where to pick your apples,
plums, pears and more or page 28
To complete your day with a
Tasting a Montérégien wine!
To break the crust - the little barn,
The blue ribbon coffee or the HQ inn.
 Center-East Cycling 48h Route 2 days This ideal loop for
families almost
entirely part of the
Green road will make you discover
Magnificent cycle paths
surrounded by nature.

Distance ： 125 km
Soft elevation ： 246 m Day 1
From Saint-Jean-sur-Richelieu to Granby via
Farnham (La Montérégiade)
Day 2
From Granby to Saint-Jean-sur-Richelieu via
Rougemont and Chambly (the channel track
de Chambly and the Champs Route)
For all the details and validate the detours
and track openings: Monteregie.ca
 Route for
adventurer Three days Available year -round!

Distance ： 100 km
Number of attractions: 6 attractions
Voyage duration: 3 days
 Day 1
• Fly in hot air balloon with air magic
or stroll
• Climb trees at Arbraska
Mont-Saint-Grégoire
Suggestions to eat-Old Saint-Jean
Suggestions for sleeping - Aloberge
Day 2
Rain option
• Try clip clip n ’climb brossard
• Take the wave in the Oasis Surf center
Sun / summer option
• Boucherville islands national park for a hike or for a walk on the water
• Choose your experience to enjoy the river with Alo Richelieu
Suggestions to eat - Brasserie T! Brossard signed toqué or at Lionel
Suggestions for sleeping-Hotel squad Dix30 / Flotel in Marina St-Tropez
Day 3
• Make a guided tour or walk your own alpaca alpacas in the Poissant domain
• Complete these well-active days by relaxing at the STROM SPA Mont-Saint-Hilaire
Suggestions to eat - the wooden runner - Bistro Gourmand
Suggestions for sleeping-Rive-Gauche hotel-Gourmet refuge
 Route for explorer Three days Distance ： 180 km
Number of attractions: 6 attractions
Voyage duration: 3 days Day 1
• Discover the prey birds at owl to see!
• Visit the Lac-Saint-Pierre biosphere reserve in Statera-the fabulous archipelago
Suggestions for eating - the belvedere
Suggestions for sleeping - Hotel de la Rive
Day 2
• La Rabouillère: a different farm dedicated to agrotourism
• Daniel A. Séguin garden: an educational garden in
ornamental horticulture
Suggestions to eat - restaurant playful
Summons for sleeping-Sheraton Saint-Hyacinthe
Day 3
• Enjoy the skills and skills of the peoples of
First Nations at the Maison des Peoples indigenous
• Moulin brewers: microbrewery located in an old mill
Suggestions for eating - restaurant and cætera
Suggestions for sleeping-Rive-Gauche hotel-Gourmet refuge
 24 -hour itinerary
of history 1 day Distance ： 130 km
Number of attractions: 3 attractions
Voyage duration: 1 days ˗ Archaeological site interpretation center
Droulers-tsiionhiakwatha: a reconstruction
authentic life -size of a
Iroquoien village
˗ A guided or personalized visit to the center of
Welcome to Kahnawake and to the sanctuary of
Sainte-Kateri Tekakwitha
˗ Enjoy the know-how and the interpersonal skills of
First Nations peoples at the Maison des
Indigenous Peoples
To break the crust - Bistro milks
To sleep - Manoir d'Youville
 24 -hour itinerary of
religious heritage 1 day Distance ： 131 km
Number of attractions: 3 attractions
Voyage duration: 1 days ˗ Marguerite d'Youville sanctuary: place of
Pilgrimage Mariant History and Modernity
˗ Saint-Antoine-de-Padoue cocathic:
Classified heritage building
˗ Center Marie-Rose: Heritage Treasure
Architectural, cultural and spiritual
To break the crust - Restaurant Sens
To sleep - Manoir d'Youville
For all the details: sanctuariesdufleuve.com
    
 Package Detail of the offer List of MTL + Montérégie Passport attractions 
 MTL + Montérégie passport Plan a sensational stay in the blink of an eye thanks to the MTL+ Montérégie passport. Choose 5 fabulous attractions in Montreal, 3 Montérégie attractions and save money!

From July 14 to December 31, 2023, see Montreal in all its colors with your choice of attractions among our two collections and, for only $ 35 more than the regular MTL passport, also choose 3 attractions from the 8 offered in Montérégie. You will have an even more enriching and unforgettable experience! And that's not all! The MTL+ Montérégie passport also gives you the right to all kinds of other extras! This is the best way to add color to your getaway.

Price ： $ 115 + TX
Validity period ： From July 14 to December 31, 2023
Order ： https: //www.tourisme-monteregie.qc.ca/forfaits/passeportmtlplus/? Season = Fall The MTL + Montérégie passport

Montreal ： https: //www.mtl.org/fr/offres/passeport/passeport-mtl-monteregie-2023

Montérégie ： https: //www.tourisme-monteregie.qc.ca/forfaits/passeportmtlplus/? Season = Fall 
    
 List of local companies offering packages Order ： https: //www.tourisme-monteregie.qc.ca/forfaits/explorez/? Season = Fall  
 Package Price Included Tags
 Couette et café 199 A night in a select room (other types of rooms available with additional costs),
Breakfast à la carte for 2 people,
High speed parking and internet access.

 Relaxation
 Découverte du refuge faunique 10,50 $ A walk with an educator-naturalist lasting 2 hours in the pedestrian trails of the Marguerite-D ‘Youville wildlife refuge.
Free access to the site for the day.
A parking space reserved for your bus.
10 % discount at the island's coffee and its ecological shop. Discoveries, outdoors
 Dort 3 nuits et sauve 20% 110,00 $ The proposed experience
Small Christmas present! Only 15 minutes from downtown Montreal, without traffic, a hot lunch and a renovated room, that's yes.

Hot lunch,
Wireless,
Parking,
Room without carpets. (on demand) Holiday time packages, promotions
 Forfait Complicité Gourmande 139,50 $ The proposed experience
Discover the gourmet complicity!

As a couple or with friends, you will have the pleasure of sharing moments of quality around an evolving table worthy of the concept of bistronomy! Presenting local products and specializing in the preparation of meats, our steakhouse awaits you for intimate moments in a warm and cozy atmosphere offering the magnificent St. Lawrence River.

Treat yourself to a gourmet stay in complete complicity!

Included in this package:
1 or 2 nights in one of our cozy rooms
Breakfast per person, including service costs
$ 75 credit applicable to steakhouse
Arrival 4:00 p.m. | Departure 11:00 Gourmet
 Forfait de l’eau à la bouche 225 The proposed experience
For sweet tranquility, opt for the mouth water package!

Admire the river and its sunset, enjoy modern facilities and benefit from a tasty meal in the warm atmosphere of steakhouse and bar, that's what the hotel of the shore promises: everything under the same roof, we Dort, we eat there, we rest in it!

Included in this package:

Overnight in one of our cozy rooms
2 Access to the Hotel Nordic Spa per person (2 days)
$ 75 credit for supper in steakhouse and bar
1 breakfast per person
1 aperitif on day 1
1 mimosa on day 2
Arrival 4:00 p.m. | Departure 11:00
$ 25 massage credit per person
The service
*Available from Tuesday to Saturday

** Supplement on Fridays and Saturdays Romantic, relaxation, gourmet
 Forfait expérience thermale 240,00 $ The proposed experience
Plan a gourmet getaway at the Rive Gauche hotel and live a relaxing experience in kind at the Nordic SPA Nordic Spa of Mont-Saint-Hilaire.

Included in this package:
A night in an urban refuge room
1 credit of $ 50 per adult for supper in the wooden runner
1 breakfast per person (lunch box formula)
1 Access per person to the thermal experience of the Nordic SPA Nordic Spa Mont-Saint-Hilaire
To book: Contact us at 1-888-608-6565 Romantic, relaxation, gourmet
 Forfait La Magie de l'Air 259,00 $ Live a unique hot air balloon tour with your loved ones and our passionate team! Take advantage of a breathtaking view of the high level of the air. You will also be introduced to the preparation and deflation of the hot air balloon! Discoveries, outdoors
 Forfait Romance 328,69 $ The proposed experience
The Squad Quartier Dix30 hotel invites you to come and celebrate your love with this tailor-made offer! Give your couple to quality time while enjoying our delicate attentions. Take your ease in our vast studios and even make the morning at will!

Included in this package:
A studio or studio+ vast and bright in double occupation
Romantic surprises in your bedroom including a bottle of sparkling core and local fine sweets
A Plateau de Charcuterie et cheeses du Québec
Breakfast in bed with Mimosas
Access to the Wi-Fi network
Access to underground parking Romantic
 Forfait spa et hôtel 345,00 $ Enjoy a comfortable stay at the Mortagne Hotel and have a relaxing experience in kind at the Nordic SPRøm Spa.

Included in this package:
A night in a select room,
À la carte breakfast for 2 people,
2 entries for the thermal experience of the Strøm Spa Nordique Mont-St-Hilaire or Île-des-Sours,
Possibility to enhance the experience with 2 60 -minute massages (extra),
Access to hotel facilities,
High speed parking and internet access.
To book by phone:

(450) 655-9966 or 1,877 655-9966 Romantic, relaxation
 Massage en duo! 299 To escape the routine, our duo massage formula offers the night at the hotel, 2 60 -minute massages at the SPA SPA SPA as well as breakfast at the Zibo restaurant!

Included in this package:
Overnight stay at the hotel
2 60 -minute massages
2 breakfasts
Interior parking
In force Tuesday to Saturday Romantic, relaxation
 Séjour douillet et gourmand 0,00 $ Get 15% reduction for stays of 2 or more nights between August 20 and November 26, 2023*. Enjoy in addition to a discount coupon for food and drinks from Les Cousins ​​bar.

This offer includes *:
An ultra-comfortable room with a reduction of 15% for two nights minimum
A discount coupon for food and drinks at the Le Cousins ​​bar
Parking for a vehicle
The Chromecast system for television
Cancellation at no cost until 4 p.m. on the scheduled day of your arrival
*Promotion in force from August 14 to November 15, 2023, for stays between August 20 and November 26, 2023. The offer is valid every day for stays between August 20 and September 10 and only Friday, Saturday And Sunday for stays between September 15 and November 26. Certain conditions apply. Limited quantities. The offer applies to the price of the day and cannot be combined with another promotion. Offer subject to change without notice and valid according to the availability of the hotel. Promotions
 Accord vins et gastronomie 294,50 $ This package will allow you to discover the local flavors thanks to the talents of our chef who make a duty to design menus putting forward products from here

Included in this package:
1 night in bedroom with 1 very large bed or 2 large beds
1 full lunch
1 tasting menu 4 services at restaurant 1171
Food and wine; 4 glasses suggested by our sommelier
10% discount at the Gallant SPA if reserved for the package reservation Gourmet
 Café et Couette 99,50 $ Get out of the city and your daily life! Forget your hassle for a moment and come and practice your favorite activity in kind.

Included in this package:
1 night in bedroom with 1 very large bed or 2 large beds
1 full breakfast
Access to 4 -season exterior spas
Access to the heated outdoor swimming pool from May to September
Access to the gardens and trails of the inn
Access to the escapade trails
Bird observation
Free parking
Internet access at no cost
Meal available at restaurant 1171 Relaxation, outdoors
 Escapade culinaire 224,50 $ This package will allow you to discover the local flavors thanks to the talents of our chef who make a duty to design menus highlighting products from here.

Included in this package:
1 night in bedroom with 1 very large bed or 2 large beds
1 full lunch
1 menu tasting à la carte at restaurant 1171
$ 25 of discounts at the Gallant Spa if reserved for the time of package reservation Gourmet
 Escapade détente et nature 234,00 $ During your stay in Venice-en-Québec, enjoy a thermal experience unique in Canada thanks to the brand new Noah Spa water basin.

Included in this package:
A night
A day of relaxation at the Noah Spa water spa Relaxation
 Forfait boulot repos dodo 133,00 $ Treat yourself to a moment to decompress on an island bordered by the Châteauguay river and Lac St-Louis. Pure relaxation close to Montreal in a protected nature!

Included in this package:

2 nights in a renovated room
2 an hour bike rentals
Free access to Marguerite d'Youville wildlife shelter
1 buffet lunch per day
A cup of the manor of Youville
1 bottle of private import wine
A box of cream sugar when you arrive Outdoor, gourmet
 Forfait carpe diem 165,00 $ Treat yourself to a moment to decompress on an island bordered by the Châteauguay river and Lac St-Louis. Pure relaxation close to Montreal in a protected nature!

Included in this package:
A night for 2 people private bathroom
Buffet lunch included for 2
2 90 -minute massages at the hotel
2 glasses of wine served in the room Relaxation
 Forfait Escapade Romantique 210,00 $ Included in this package:

A night in a suite
375 ml champagne bottle Romantic
 Forfait Massothérapie au Skyspa 303,00 $ Thanks to this offer, have the time of a well-deserved break.

Included in this package:
An ultra-comfortable room
60 -minute massage therapy at Skyspa
Access to thermal experience inside Skyspa opening hours and reservable for periods of 2 hours at a time. Bathrobe and towel included, exclusive to guests from the Alt hotel.
Parking for a vehicle
Flexible departure time: Leave your room when you want at no additional cost!
Access to the Wi-Fi network
Access to the well -equipped gym (by reservation)
 Relaxation
 Forfait romantique 155,00 $ The proposed experience
Do you want to spend a romantic evening with your sweet half? The Welcominns offers you the "romantic package" for as little as $ 155!
Arrival earlier and late departure for availability
Book by phone at least 24 hours before your stay!

Included in this package:
A night in a comfortable rooms
A bottle of sparkling
Chocolates
Breakfast served in the room
WiFi and free parking
Friendly arrival and late departure (subject to availability) Romantic
 Juste pour nous deux 140,00 $ Live an unforgettable romantic tête-à-tête!

Evade yourself with the loved one and share a stay that will undoubtedly allow the connections.

Included in this package:
Accommodation in one of our rooms in the category of your choice
A bottle of bubbles in your room with a small sweet whim
A 4-service tête-à-tête supper offered by our Bistro Martini Grill restaurant
Breakfast the next morning
Access to our swimming pool, sauna and gym
Fresh outdoor parking
wireless Internet
 Romantic, gourmet
 Promo 3e nuit à 50% 79,00 $ The proposed experience
Come and enjoy a relaxation stay just 20 minutes from Montreal!

Included :
• 3 consecutive nights in a renovated room
• Buffet lunch
• Free access to the Marguerite d'Youville wildlife refuge throughout the stay
• Free parking and wifi

* Service included but taxes in addition Promotions
 Travaillez depuis le confort de nos chambres 79,00 $ The proposed experience
Your workspace for the day in the comfort of a hotel room!

Productive telework days are waiting for you in a quiet environment with a refined design at the Alt Quartier Dix30 hotel in Brossard. Take your ease in our ultra -comfortable rooms and occupy the space safely.

Included :
Workstation with ergonomic chair
High speed internet
Energizing snack and water bottle
Nespresso coffee and camellia sinensis tea
Access to the hotel gym
Parking for the day
Chromecast for television
10 % discount on food and drink
Possibility to rent a meeting room at advantageous price
To book, please contact us: 450 443-1030

* Day occupation only, from 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. Discovery